Player will start with 10 bullets and 3 special skills. Player can trigger the skill by pressing the up arrow button and the space bar at the same time. 

Player can recycle the bullet by colliding the green player bullet if they run out of the bullet. The bullet generated by the special skill is not using the bullet pool that player has. Instead, the skill can expand your bullet pool if you collect the extra bullet on the floor. 

The skill will allow you to shot a semi-circle bullet to clear aliens. You are given 3 skills to get familiar with the skill and the mutation. 


You can acquire new life by shooting the UFO, when the UFO drops to the ground, it will turn gold. You can collect the gold UFO to gain 1 life. The gold UFO won't be there forever. It has a time limit before it disappears. Currently, it's quite difficult to collect life from the golden UFO. 


When the alien remains drop to the floor, there is 1/3 chance that the alien remains will mutate into a zombie, a red bouncy ball. There is 1/3 chance that it will become grey obstacle that accumulate on the ground. The other 1/3 chance that it will become golden and if player absorb it, they can gain skill. 


The Red Zombie will bounce around, convert other alive alien into zombies and cost damage. If the player get hit by the zombie, it's a game over. However, the zombie worth double the original points. One way to prevent alien remains to become zombies is to shot them again before they drop to the ground, which will destroy the alien. However, you will lose the chance to gain skills from the golden alien. Another way is to shot the zombies again to get double points. 


If you survived 5 levels of alien waves, you will win the game. 


If you press Q, you can gain 3 lives, 100 bullet and 10 skills for you to cheat. This will also prevent you die from the red zombies. Press E to restore dying from the attack of the red zombies. 


For 3D camera, press C to see the effect. 


The player will die and lose a life if they fall off the platform. 


